Conflux is a puzzle game that is centered on the idea of an arithmetic solving problem without
any visual of numerical symbols leaving the player to use logical thinking to a puzzle. 
The objective of the game is very simple: connect the point A node to the point B node with 
a proper amount of collected energy. The player will be able to move one step around from 
the starting the position and make way to the goal. It sounds easy; however, the player 
must be aware of each node's special property that affects the "energy". After completing
a level, the game will set the next level until the last level; hence, beating the game (Oh really?). 

In addition, the game’s levels can be expanded by using the editor mode. It allows the user 
(the developer or the player) to creatively design a level and add it to the list of levels.
The editor is able to generate rows and columns of three to ten and generates a random layout 
of blueprint map. Once the user found the desired map layout, he will be able to create devious
pattern routes between the starting and ending nodes in respect of some mechanical constraints. 

I choose to make this game due to the influence of many strategy based games I’ve played on my
smartphones such as Unblock me, loop and flow, and due to the idea of DLC (downloadable content)
happening to popular games. These ideas helped me come up with this game. The strategy games pushed 
me from choosing to develop a puzzle game and the notion of DLC inspired me to created an editor 
in which I can create a level then add it to my library of levels.

Moreover, I like solving problem, but I also love creating a problem or a scenario. And this game
became the base result of the creating and solving the problem. I laid out the mechanics to make 
this idea come true and will continue to work despite the number of levels. The lacking aspects that
I did not include due to time constraint are the sounds and music, and better visual graphics. 
Nevertheless, the crux of my ideas and concept are there. 

Conflux, in general, is a casual puzzle game and educative game for all ages. The game has few 
simple mechanics that anyone should be able to understand in the first try of their gameplay. 
If not their first try, then it will be sometime later. Lastly, Due to randomly generated map 
layout, there are sometimes different ways/patterns to complete a level; thus, giving different
posibility to the player. 
